hi there it's a loop from razorfish so
I'm going to do a quick walkthrough of
the Barcelona application for you what
you see here is the attract mode we've
got a nice big call to action so we
understand you have touched it to start
the application we really want to make
sure that that's a prominent part of the
attract mode along with the marketing
that we have going on here so you simply
touch anywhere to start and the device
comes up with the lock screen in place
you can learn a little bit about the
application by tapping on the various
buttons at the bottom and it will give
you a little bit of information we've
also got an info button here that will
give you sort of a high-level overview
of what the they're looking at and some
little instructions on hey if you ever
and if you ever want to get back to the
home screen just have the windows icon
so once you unlock the screen you can
simply scroll up and down just by simply
dragging gestures you'll see that all
the tiles are here from the application
we've got some live tiles updating
basically sort of that notification
feature so they're updating as time goes
on we've got a lot of little animations
happening trying to bring a lot of that
up to the level of this of this version
of the emulator hmm you'll see that we
also have things like when you tap
you're going to see you know we've got
the definitely the 3d pivoting happening
with the different tiles obviously I can
simply touch a tile and we've got the
whole transition over into the
experiences what you're seeing here is
basically we've got these chapter
markers in the videos and they sort of
walk you through the various videos to
let users understand what they're
looking at we added a little touch point
over here so that users understood you
know sort of this is automated that's
not something they can interact with at
this point but simply can jump around
look at the various elements we've got
the phone sort of just swings in the
pivot in there we've got a another hub
that we have built out is the picture
hub
obviously all of the assets that we
received in the after effects files are
here tells a little bit of the story
around how pictures works we also have
the games hub and al obviously advance
advance through here telling a little
bit of the story around games some of
the other big hubs or the music and
video hub is in here obviously again
more chapter markers to kind of walk
through the story of that there are some
videos that you know again we're just
sort of showing the transition so like
on calendar it's just simply you know
transitioning over to that page we don't
really have a lot of content at this
point for that yet but hopefully as a
next version will be able to do that
obviously I've got the me card you walk
through its video and I've got the
search feature so I can show people you
know how search works like the tell the
whole story about how the search is
contextual and all those types of things
so again these these assets aren't live
emulated yet hopefully the next version
will get a chance to really build
everything out but as you can see we've
got a lot of little things that
subtleties like the bounce and even the
swiper cross you get to the application
screen obviously none of these are
active right now but users will get an
understanding of you know what's going
to be available to them that kind of
thing so that's it in a nutshell and I
hope you enjoy talk to you soon bye